Add a warning around UPN authentication (#1617)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.11/installation/auth.md

| default_upn_domain |     |
-------------|------

> description  | Enables UPN authentication when set. The default UPN suffix that will be appended to the username when a domain is not specified during login (for example: `user` becomes `user@defaultdomain.xyz`). _WARNING: When enabling UPN authentication, any changes in group membership on the Active Directory server will not be reflected for authenticated users, so they should be asked to re-authenticate in such case. Otherwise, a binding account should be specified or anonymous binding enabled instead for group membership to be reflected._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description  | Enables UPN authentication when set. The default UPN suffix that will be appended to the username when a domain is not specified during login (for example: `user` becomes `user@defaultdomain.xyz`). _WARNING: When using UPN authentication, users must re-authenticate to apply any changes made to group membership on the Active Directory server since their last authentication. To ensure group membership updates are reflected without re-authentication, specify a binding account or enable anonymous binding._
```
